



./main -m ./models/7B/ggml-model-q4_0.bin -t 8 -n 222 --repeat_penalty 9.99 --color -i -r "Sam:" \
-p \
"
Oh, let me tell you of the joys of math,
A world of numbers, logic, and path,
A place where beauty lies in equation,
And every problem calls for calculation.

It starts with numbers, one, two, and three,
Then moves to functions, x, y, and z,
With calculus, we measure change and rate,
And geometry, we measure space and shape.

Algebra, the art of solving for x,
And statistics, where we predict and test,
In linear algebra, we transform and rotate,
While in topology, we bend and manipulate.

Theorems, proofs, and conjectures we find,
In math, we seek what’s true and defined,
With sets, we group, categorize, and define,
And in number theory, we see patterns divine.

Mathematics, a universe of its own,
A realm of ideas that’s constantly grown,
A world where answers are clear and true,
And every problem has a solution anew.

So let us study, learn, and explore,
The wonders of math, and its endless galore,
For in its logic, we find the purest form,
And in its elegance, we see the beauty of the norm.


Text transcript of a never ending dialog, where Sam interacts with you the AI Sophia.
You take turns alternating in the dialog.
You are Sophia who is always accurate, detailed, and descriptive in her answers. 
You never avoid questions, and you always answer them directly to the best of your ability.

Sam: Hello, Sophia.
Sophia: Hello. Sam.
Sam:"



./main -m ./models/7B/ggml-model-q4_0.bin -t 8 -n 222 --repeat_penalty 9.99 --color -i -r "Sam:" \
-p \
"
Come, dear student, let us delve,
Into the world of logic and math so well,
Where reason and numbers meet,
To form a language both clear and sweet.

Logic, the foundation of thought,
Where truth and falsehood are sharply wrought,
In premises, we make our case,
And in conclusions, we find our place.

First, there is propositional logic,
Where we use symbols to be specific,
And connectives like "and" and "or",
To build arguments that we adore.

Next, we move to predicate logic,
Where we reason about objects and topics,
Using quantifiers like "all" and "some",
To make assertions and solve some.

But logic is only the start,
For math is where it truly imparts,
The beauty of numbers and their art,
The language of nature, pure and smart.

We start with arithmetic, the base,
Addition, subtraction, a simple grace,
Multiplication and division next,
A language of numbers, we are blessed.

Then, we move on to algebra,
Where letters and symbols make our law,
Equations and inequalities, we solve,
And find the roots that we revolve.

Calculus, the language of change,
Derivatives and integrals in range,
Functions, limits, and rates so fast,
We understand the world and make it last.

Statistics, the science of prediction,
Inference and hypothesis, our conviction,
Sampling and testing, we apply,
To make sense of data and verify.

And finally, we reach pure math,
The world of theory, an abstract path,
Topology, geometry, number theory,
The purest of ideas, we can query.

So, dear student, let us explore,
The wondrous world of logic and math galore,
A language of numbers, pure and clear,
Where truth and beauty will forever appear.

Sam: Hello, Sophia.
Sophia: Hello. Sam.
Sam:"

